# HOMEWORK & ASSIGNMENT GIVEN BY THE DEPARTMENT OF COMPUTER ENGINEERING,ADNAN MENDERES UNIVERSITY.

CSE201 || Data Structures: The assigment implemented with java programming language.

CSE203 || Object-Oriented Programming: After the workouts,preparing you to embark on the journey of the learning Java.Begin to learn fundamental  programming techniques. Java is an object-oriented programming language.You will learn programming with objects and classes that uses abstractions,encapsulation,inheritance and polymorhism.Also,You will be able to use JavaFx.

CSE214 || Statistical Programming: That course is designed with R programming language,with a focus on understanding statistical concepst with R. After completion, you will be able to learn R,statistical formulas,plots,graphic analysis, reading and calculating data,make simple and multiple linear regression model  then analysis it.Moreover,I wrote all the projects with my own functions and did not use any ready-made functions.

CSE315 || Machine Learning: This folder includes a collection of hands-on machine learning projects I completed during the course. These projects cover both fundamental and advanced machine learning techniques.With this folder, you will learn how to implement classification  regression,clustering models, as well as apply texture segmentation techniques to real-world datasets.Built and evaluated classification models for categorical prediction tasks.Developed regression models to analyze and predict continuous variables.Implemented clustering algorithms to discover hidden structures and groupings within unlabeled data.Applied texture-based image segmentation to detect and separate patterns in images.All projects were completed using real-world datasets provided by the instructor.

CSE423 || Cloud Computing: As part of my hands-on training in cloud computing, I performed a large-scale word count operation on a 10 GB text dataset using Apache Spark on AWS EMR (Elastic MapReduce).With this folder, you will learn how to use AWS to create a cluster and process large datasets efficiently in distributed environments.Implemented a word count algorithm to process a dataset of over 10GB.Leveraged the power of Spark’s distributed computation to handle large-scale data efficiently.Stored and accessed data via Amazon S3 for scalable and fault-tolerant processing.Deployed Spark jobs on AWS EC2 instances using AWS EMR.
